I'm gonna have to skip a lot like a lot
okay there's a 15 second level it can't
be that word you killed you can't I
forgot that I have to like worry about
live them no let me see what the rest of
love looks like that's it that's all I
gotta do is the easy super extra level
whole time no I have lick my balls
syndrome
you gave note that is either the
practice practice survival section or a
dodge everything button hey it's me I'm
gonna kick just three thousand no I sort
of didn't catch but really not that big
of a deal if I get to stay here and play
reach that alleged on my phone
captivity Spanish wait you get you don't
know what raised shadow ray satellite
dude there's a brand-new collection RPG
gave me you never heard it
there's already almost 10 million
players who have downloaded the game in
three months you've been living under a
rock dude you have great graphics
strategic gameplay and amazing storyline
and over 400 champions free to collect
my favorite is it those because they're
kind of like me I'm kind of like if
those there's just so much to do like
everyone can find something that they
enjoy specifically I love to destroy
news you guys aren't even that I'm the
new destroy what do you think ding
you play a great shadow legends the best
replay game of all time which i think is
universally agreed upon to me there's
almost 200,000 of you saying that it's a
perfect game and the new updated one
line which means it's like the perfect
time to join because for the first 90
days you're going to be rewarded just
for logging in daily and that's going to
go a long way on destroying all name
[Music]
really what are you even waiting for go
to the video description click on the
special links and you will get 50,000
silver and a free epic champion as part
of the new player program to start your
journey
oh I get such an easy level only the
clear condition makes it kind of hard
[Music]
it's a bad start it was a that's called
warming up like you think you can just
come out of the gate on fire every time
I don't have enough water in me I'm
probably gonna start over again let's be
real but uh you know I want to check out
the level I've never seen it heard lots
of great things about them lots of
really exciting things about these have
you guys can see my high score right now
is for though that's for no skips for
going for 100 with skips could be pretty
easy
[Music]
ah you guys see me hit that but it
didn't count I'm not playing a little
trick that ever again
I gotta lower my goal I can't lower my
goal you see you unlock a cosmetic item
for a hundred it's got to be a hundred
my goal has to be 100 if I want to if I
want to unlock everything in the game
that was oh one bro wife and it all
right time to really start one good
practice
this can't be a hard level this cannot
be a hard level cuz I pick super expert
[Music]
working seconds just suspiciously low I
got a I got at least look for the best
[Music]
that was an easy level for little babies
tiny little babies play that 1 2 minutes
and 52 seconds well hold on just because
it's long doesn't mean it's hard it
might be hard because it's long are you
kidding me no what is that what I'm so
bad
dungeon with optional boss but that
optional boss probably has three bro
lives I see the three bro lives dude
there there I didn't even see that oh my
god I was so immersed in the experience
I literally didn't even see the spike
I did not see its concept that was
warm-up now I understand the thing
doesn't have anything to do with me I'll
do my thing I feel like he had a perfect
game going mr. level dude and then you
throwing these total boobs no way they
could exist in this reality oh my god
but this level turns into gotta keep
moving forward
[Music]
you've [ __ ] sharp-toothed ah [ __ ]
where's my power up the fireball
unfortunate fireball really trapped me
here what I yelled was sigh but what was
in my heart was uh my dick in balls
Bowser but I couldn't get it all out
because I was so afraid I can most
certainly just go over eight oh that's
nice
a little unfortunate okay I gotta find
that switch to rictus maybe it's just
right here oh man hey I see the game
plan okay free level free one up
[Music]
[Applause]
chips
but
[Music]
one more time
that was a great great great great use
of one of my life good good thing I
tried that one more time I feel like I'm
not properly motivated I feel like I
have too many lives but I believe in a
world four-minute level but I believe in
a world where I can just you know beat
levels I'm not picky enough
no no I 18 live I couldn't do that trick
I mean a level like this cannot be hard
[Applause]
[Music]
talk about an easy game with easy levels
god I hope there's a bunch of munchies
and [ __ ] like this any other goal then
I'll I'll get a bunch of lives all right
fine oh he put something somewhere and
just like that we're back on top
we're back with as many lives as we
started the run with we're in the green
I see the word speedrunning that's it
that's the only challenge are you
kidding I know I'm not even that
greatest shell jumps in Mario maker ones
and they're weird in this game
I got two lives and a dream one life I
mean you don't really need more than one
life to do it you know typo guru
speedrun short and sweet triple jump
trouble I know to do in the situation
yeah ever see this game before damn I
really couldn't have been on a worse
level to show you guys this game I
really could not have been on a less
appealing stage when I last finished
playing this game um Wow yeah I actually
this is this is why I stopped playing
the game gives social subtle be but
honestly it's a beautiful game you are a
car and you have a quest and you know
there's a battery currency and you fall
flows [ __ ] my favorite thing about the
game whenever you fall it's slows [ __ ]
that's really you didn't care about to
hit a hottest jump of all time probably
not Oh
this game piggy just ball full of [ __ ]
usually hot jump really is like the
pinnacle of game though so much game
like that green thing I want that I'm
gonna need it a little it really sort of
sucks [ __ ] like that [ __ ] thing I'm
gonna need that oh this changes
everything
did you see that and time is open the
biggest jump of all time
I actually I'm stuck gonna take an image
if I can make this
I'm going back oh yes okay okay this is
better look how much look how much
runaway and working with to get speed
okay this was a mistake
no no
I'm going back not my best attempt not
gonna sit here in the pretend that that
was my best attempt you'd I now
understand exactly how to do the skip we
were doing it all wrong before you had
have never seen the skip done this way
before I guarantee that
I'm talking to me you blockhead [ __ ]
and that's the main skit I mean I know I
made it look really easy but I actually
takes a lot of practice
what do you mean this is the dumbest
things ever watch
[Music]